Creation of NVDA development roadmap (#17117)
nvaccess/nvda: readme.md

The NVDA project is guided by a [product vision statement and set of principles](./projectDocs/product_vision.md).
The vision and principles should be always considered when planning features and prioritizing work.

> NV Access also maintains a [development roadmap](roadmap.md) of NVDA features and supporting infrastructure work.

Author: ```suggestion
NV Access also maintains a [development roadmap](https://www.nvaccess.org/post/nvda-roadmap/) of NVDA features and supporting infrastructure work.
```

## Contributing to NVDA
If you would like to contribute to NVDA, you can read more information in our [contributing guide](./.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).
This includes information on reporting issues, triaging issues, testing, translating, contributing code/documentation and creating add-ons.

> NV Access also maintains a [development roadmap](roadmap.md) of NVDA features and supporting infrastructure work.

Author: ```suggestion
NV Access also maintains a [development roadmap](https://www.nvaccess.org/post/nvda-roadmap/) of NVDA features and supporting infrastructure work.
```
